Server 2013/update telegraf docs (#7172)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/server/operator/using-metrics.adoc

=== Use Telegraf to forward metrics to Datadog
The following example shows how to configure Telegraf to output metrics to Datadog:

> In your custom values.yaml for your CircleCI Server install, you may already have a section for telegraf as below. If you Do not, please add it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your custom `values.yaml` for your CircleCI server install you may already have a section for Telegraf as below. If not you can add it now.
```

----
...
telegraf:
  args:
    - --config
    - /etc/telegraf/telegraf.d/telegraf_custom.conf
  config:
    custom_config_file: |
      [agent]
        collection_jitter = "0s"
        debug = false
        flush_interval = "10s"
        flush_jitter = "0s"
        hostname = "$HOSTNAME"
        interval = "30s"
        logfile = ""
        metric_batch_size = 1000
        metric_buffer_limit = 10000
        omit_hostname = true
        precision = ""
        quiet = false
        round_interval = true

      [[processors.enum]]
        [[processors.enum.mapping]]
          dest = "status_code"
          field = "status"
          [processors.enum.mapping.value_mappings]
              critical = 3
              healthy = 1
              problem = 2

      [[inputs.statsd]]
        datadog_extensions = true
        metric_separator = "."
        percentile_limit = 1000
        percentiles = [
          50,
          95,
          99
        ]
        service_address = ":8125"
      [[inputs.internal]]
        collect_memstats = false

      [[outputs.file]]
        files = ["stdout"]

      [[outputs.prometheus_client]]
        listen = ":9273"
        path = "/metrics"
...
----

> In the `telgraf.config.custom_config_file` block of your helm values.yaml, add the `[[outputs.datadog]]` as seen below to the bottom of the config block, replacing `"my-secret-key"` with your datadog API key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `telgraf.config.custom_config_file` block of your helm `values.yaml`, add the `[[outputs.datadog]]` as seen below to the bottom of the config block, replacing `"my-secret-key"` with your datadog API key.
```

[source,yaml]
----
telegraf:
  config:
    custom_config_file: |
      ...
      [[outputs.datadog]]
        ## Replace "my-secret-key" with Datadog API key
        apikey = "my-secret-key"
      ...
----

NOTE: For more options, see the https://docs.influxdata.com/telegraf/v1.17/plugins/#output-datadog[Telegraf docs].

> Finally, you will need to apply the changes vi helm update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, you will need to apply the changes via helm update.
```

[source,shell]

> helm upgrade circleci-server oci://cciserver.azurecr.io/circleci-server -n $namespace --version <version> -f <path-to-values.yaml> --username $USERNAME --password $PASSWORD

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
helm upgrade circleci-server oci://cciserver.azurecr.io/circleci-server -n <your-namespace> --version <version> -f <path-to-values.yaml> --username $USERNAME --password $PASSWORD
```

> helm upgrade circleci-server oci://cciserver.azurecr.io/circleci-server -n <your-namespace> --version <version> -f <path-to-values.yaml> --username $USERNAME --password $PASSWORD

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
helm upgrade circleci-server oci://cciserver.azurecr.io/circleci-server -n <namespace> --version <version> -f <path-to-values.yaml> --username $USERNAME --password $PASSWORD
```

> Note: If your telegraf pod does not restart after your helm upgrade, then the changes will not take effect. You may gracefully restart your telegraf instance with command below. This will restart telegraf with 0 downtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: If your Telegraf pod does not restart after your helm upgrade, then the changes will not take effect. You may gracefully restart your Telegraf instance with command below. This will restart Telegraf with zero downtime.
```

[source,shell]

> kubectl rollout restart deploy telegraf -n <your-namespace>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
kubectl rollout restart deploy telegraf -n <namespace>
```
